
This subdirectory contains the MATLAB and simulation files. They dont look fully fleshed out because they aren't. We didnt use the MATLAB and simulation results much, instead just interacting with the robot directly and editing Arduino code. The reason the MATLAB and simulation files were not so useful is probably for a veriety of reasons. One reason is that it is tedious to do so, as for any proposed change in the Arduino control scheme, one would presumably need to go through potentially multiple simulation blocks and retune the control scheme. Another is the difficulty in representing and failure to represent certain aspects of the robot in Simulink; for instance, Arduino code really is a discrete control scheme, and I'm unfamiliar with how to implement such a scheme. Implementing a 5 ms wait condition also was unfmailiar to me and also not immediately obvious to include in the simulation. Because of such things the simulation data that was received was not as useful as it may have been predicted to be, with step response data indicating behavior that would be basically impossible if I understood the data graphed correctly. 

Thus, the simulation and MATLAB files were not of much help, but for a system that may be more complex and expensive to directly interact with than the robot, it would probably make sense to use MATLAB and simulation. In order to adequately implement the control scheme, then, it might require more experience and familiarity with control systems and their simulations, as there were behaviors predicted currently that don't match up with the physical system. 
